Anchor impl update & remove dev multisig (#274)
lidofinance/docs: docs/deployed-contracts/index.md

> ## Anchor Integration (stETH as a collateral on Anchor protocol)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Anchor Integration (stETH as collateral on Anchor protocol), [discontinued](https://research.lido.fi/t/anchor-vault-upgrade-on-chain-voting-announcement/5538)
```

- AnchorVault: [`0xA2F987A546D4CD1c607Ee8141276876C26b72Bdf`](https://etherscan.io/address/0xA2F987A546D4CD1c607Ee8141276876C26b72Bdf) (proxy)
- AnchorVault: [`0x9530708033E7262bD7c005d0e0D47D8A9184277d`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x9530708033E7262bD7c005d0e0D47D8A9184277d) (impl)
- bETH token: [`0x707f9118e33a9b8998bea41dd0d46f38bb963fc8`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x707f9118e33a9b8998bea41dd0d46f38bb963fc8)

> - BridgeConnectorWormhole: [`0x2618e94a7F6118acED2E51e0a05da43D2e2eD40C`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2618e94a7F6118acED2E51e0a05da43D2e2eD40C)

Reviewer: Let's remove 'BridgeConnectorWormhole', 'RewardsLiquidator', and 'InsuranceConnector' altogether :pray:
